Dolavón resembles Cornellá and reminded Efe that he lived in eighths where
I made a massacre with the bus
Well, here I bring you a video amateur, they destroyed several buses.
times in the game of
of burnout paradise
and good here and how you fill the day is my favorite car of this agreement
although it is a pure scrap is not worth but eleven that concentrates improve with better
engine and such
you do not know what you're going away I like it because that way the other hospital was dad so
all right
perea doing jumps
I believe that of the best
you have a very versatile car I like it very much equally it was said
conscious the improved version of the previous level 92 the same is to say that
you can not change the color
notice that it is more I like to attend an image so that venezuela buy
strong
it's a bad thing to pass the shame
and good and now let's start
apple who profess bus between spectacular mode yes but but right now
originated with pass besaya love is love backgrounds and will pose time and we will
put
to see how many buses and able to load merchandise I'm going there
come come troop troop and points 1
ok we're going for a bus we're going to see how many of these a flavor
percent this zaragoza villa and encouraging more indirect linked strawberry
and the cooperation effort
I hate buses
sounds in this challenge the truth shines cold what previously
percent and made a pass of points figure
many cars destroyed as deserves later to a burrada
and here we 3
and as an intention was to make a challenge to see who is able to overcome him in
Wrecked cars voucher exists in this game
We will have a spectacle of this show stretch network for those who do not know it
say you are driving press ferrer one and unequivocal r2
tell him to command a failure in order pine this a broad meeting the
two at a time
while that spectacular mode and company and take it out the hobby cars and
well let's go down points friend gayle country touring and francisco t robberies
well
the most complicated every time you break is a bus phone os
multiply
for the identification since I already carry I do not know how many business buses already in
the test the eighth and without figures
upon reaching the eighth
then expressed a challenge to see who is able to decipher
they also lie blue make that score this game did not come out of
pure chance flowers a little bit in took advantage and upload it youtube picasa
processes of radiation from the author to buses
as I already announced in a ditch that we did a massacre and today
vicente of the clan
and good today the guide day I must at the moment 9 if I am not mistaken of you
I continue to make the average fleet on the old highway
with enough traffic
and well the truth is that I lie down flying around there on arrival and ready another
scare took 60 shattered cars
madrid agencies and will make you say enough
clear that the car exhibits as you see the strong weight at least we did not give
figures
the judge is totally destroyed and it seems that does not seem to matter to
tecnoparc a can with the tail fuster judicial to corroborate if they pay me
on the part of the gunpowder
same here as if the average in the lane with more traffic to be able
try to do it more
as many as possible of shattered cars
If I do, and my mother, I'll know if your house
it is a council of two degrees is another taste
he always told me that it was less cars always average live in
opposite direction
by July on the whole of the system dif state of the radio rights as
for example
was always submitted in the opposite direction by letter in which there is less
strong the ocote they have towards you
with which promises I made in a meeting that opens the door to make up the
range cars
and well I admired why it had ended
villagra must finish nothing well to one was unanimous cassock and halberds I carry
time was purged of people and follows the account for the people the truth the
vigués is a little bit of life because the truth that I have helped the player
ciu can not be if someone does much more together that will surely give many people
Calla is aggravated together
those who wish of the day of the stressed cross and I will not comment and if it can be with
He too
the vocoding we are sometimes favara down the right put a drop of water not me
liked I like the frog deputies approve a little crazy cocaine
a stingray do
at the water wedding
i the prosecutor has also changed the introduction of sevilla entitled
delivered from the wallpaper 2 the wallpaper are not quite
and I was also and sent the avatar by the way I threw it a subscriber
the idol of the hobby
confuse good or what is ingemar
insulting I'll put it now in the annotation over there
Tabarez was addicted tomás swimming sherry
and well the detention will also leave
the link to the channel thus defines very little thing at the moment but good kid losada
he understands the stick enough and he entered film
and with two crimes of afloat threats
france details
Fuenlabrada and I think I like it a lot and the mobile wide screen
rivera says iu took him 16 can serve 17 months later
like the one in Gijón in which never requires much advance notice I will give
going back to try to find more cars to get this has not come
I was left iv trying to try to give him more judge buses
and nothing then this a few points in the serve of 193 thousand multiplied by
seventeen can my mother
13 million buffon
min 13 million a red
Well then nothing to take advantage of to say informal liked this Friday a car
was his idea light bulb more than in career mode aboard bocos and mode
capture letters
and I think he left me some way out there
circus already declared in motatán is the best way to fesoca zendejas madrid
A little bit ago, he indicated that Brazil must also be said
the Italian
and well, this has been all not much more
the terrain the difficulties a lot of people have asked me where to do from the
especially the ministry of work in a rib already reported of the week
surely next week
because to see something that maybe interests a lot
the ETA strategist attentive to channels rivera the people who do not specify the
record would say because we have already lived could not say 'I'm worth'
Well, from the people, see you soon